IBX-1482: Attribute search in Elasticsearch database (#1597)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/personalization/developer_guide/attributes_search_elastic.md

> # Attributes search in Elasticsearch database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Attribute search in Elasticsearch database
```
Not married to the idea, but sound more natural to me

> If you use external data source, it is not possible to display external content in the Universal Discovery Widget as it is deprecated. Attributes search is used in scenario preview and editorials models instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use external data source for personalization data, it is not possible to display external content in the Universal Discovery Widget as it is deprecated. Attributes search is used in scenario preview and editorials models instead.
```
Despite this being in the Perso section, I would drop "personalization" into the introductory sentence as added clue.
Also "as it is deprecated" is unclear - is UDW deprecated, or using external data?

```suggestion
If you use external data source for personalization data, it is not possible to display external content in the Universal Discovery Widget as it is deprecated. Attribute search is used in scenario preview and editorials models instead.
```

> This works like an autocomplete feature however, values are dynamically taken from the Elasticsearch database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attribute search works like an autocomplete feature, but values are dynamically taken from the Elasticsearch database.
```

> ## Configure attributes search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure attribute search
```

> In the `config/packages/ibexa.yaml`, add the following configuration key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `config/packages/ibexa.yaml`, add the following configuration:
```

```yaml
ibexa:
    system:

>        <site_access>:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       <scope>:
```

            personalization:
                output_type_attributes:
                    <item_type_id>:
                        title: <item_name>                        
```

See the example:

```yaml
ibexa:
    system:
        default:
            personalization:
                output_type_attributes:
                    1:
                        title: name
                        description: short_description
                    2:
                        title: category_name
                    3:
                        title: product_name
                    4:
                        title: short_name
                        description: body
                        image: image
                        
```

![Attributes search](../img/perso_attributes_search.png)

> EventSubscriber `Ibexa\Personalization\Event\Subscriber\UniversalDiscovery\AllowedContentTypes` is dropped because UDW is no longer used.

Reviewer: If it has been dropped between some product versions, this should land in relevant deprecations page, not here.

Author: Will be moved to deprecations page.
